Oh
you
I am Josh Moyer with the Daily Collegian
I'm the football editor here so let's
not waste any time we're bringing you
our first ever video podcast straight
from the Daily Collegian where else
alongside of me mark the era Corey
McLaughlin and Kevin Duran the usual
list of suspects now you get to see his
face to face and let's go to the first
time that's a good thing but well maybe
not for you but that's another story for
another day let's get right down to
business first topic penn state run game
we saw Austin Scott wasn't on the
sidelines today so can you guys want to
give us an update on that and to Evan
Royster what a surprise he was will he
see more playing time after this week
mark I want to hear from you first yeah
I spoke to Joe and Scott Austin's mom
today he is not on the team right now
she wouldn't comment on specifics on the
team rule that he had broken but we
obviously learned that he did break a
team room as he wasn't on the sidelines
he didn't dress at all for saturday um
you know unsure about the timetable on
his return but his locker was cleaned
out he went over the weekend where he
watched the iowa game with some friends
so that's what we know on austin so it
is possible he could be back but right
now guys let's talk about the running
backs that are available namely Rodney
King LA and Evan Royster I mean again
I've been royster you know you've been
preaching the whole season we want to
see more of this guy we saw him
absolutely we did and I just escaped
with that man after the game yesterday
and I just get the impression that he's
a very intelligent I've a running back
he's kind of guy who's a student of the
game I asked him you know he had awesome
Scott around him alone practices last
couple weeks what did you learn playing
on the second team and watch those guys
he said to me and I don't even watch
also riding i watch the offensive line
what holes it creates for running a
night
myself and what I do in situation how
would I be different or you know the
same as Austin I ride you definitely the
student game has been proved over here i
think and Cory let me ask you who's the
better running back right now Rodney
came a lot of revenue oyster we saw run
stir sort of you know if it up a bruiser
there deon butler said no wasted
movements who do you start I would start
Kinlaw right now just because of the
experience that he doesn't have too much
experience but I guess he had more than
Royster at this point even though you
don't need to tumble and you said he's
trying to corrupt that issue especially
when the running backs are going down
like on the field of trying to keep the
ball in the artistic of kimmel arena
Royster is definitely impressive though
and he'll assume i zoom in with Scott
situation you know they know if he's
going to play or not here on out the
Royster look good for the time use in
there and he'll coaches FSB
well you mentioned came lost fumble so
why we're on the topic of turnovers
that's a good segue an auntie Morelli I
think the Penn State quarterback
gentlemen statistically he had a pretty
decent game yet over 230 passing yards
but mark how'd you what what grade would
you give give anthony based on his
performance all I mean just based on his
performance it's pretty much typical
Anthony Morelli what we see it's got
some flashes where you think okay things
are starting to roll in the right
direction good pass here maybe a nice
little move in the pocket there to evade
somebody make something happen and then
to turn ours 200 seconds it's sort of
what you get with it you got a little
business me to get a little bit of that
so I think it always just that's just
what he is that's the quarterback he is
you know Morelli was good at avoiding
sex you're good at avoiding the question
I want to know what grade would you give
him on his performance by ITV avenging
really a great i would probably give him
a B or B minus okay that's all i wanted
to care mark thank you they're all but
kevin i just want i want to hear from
you tell me Anthony Morelli is this the
kid we can expect to see the rest of the
season or again is this just a flash in
the pan type deal should we expect to
see more of what we saw the last two
weeks why they gave the Royals
performances saturday had to be
encouraging for penn state's ban because
he started out in the first quarter he
struggled a little bit too heated by 10
passes in the first quarter he heard the
boos basically on every single
incompletion would been very easy for me
to discourage that point we didn't do
that he actually improved as a game went
on and did some things better in the
second third and fourth quarters
in the first word and I think you know
just justifying her you may be better
disease Corey the boo birds came out in
the first quarter has anything really
won back the fans you didn't get booed
too much after that first quarter when
he seemed to have a good game yeah i
mean i think the boo birds there they're
eager and waiting through the boat in
our right away I mean that the loudest
they got was when he overthrew royster
on the screen pass and I mean that was
pretty bad throw and they deserved it on
that one but i mean he he is what do you
like the cliche is what he owes i mean
this is what it's going to be the
defense is going to carry this team and
really well with belinda game we will
begin the defence acquitted same hole
and the defense definitely carried the
team at least in the first half allowing
about 50 yards in the first half guys we
saw them allow a whole lot of run yards
last week this week they just stopped I
was offense overall what was the
difference out there mark well first of
all we have to realize last week playing
Illinois it's completely different when
you're facing a spread option offense
like that
with the juice and chard Mendenhall and
early as being all those people who have
been talked about but regarding Iowa
obviously they don't have that sort of
offense they don't have those type of
weapons and she's bad offense I don't
think you know it sort of spoke for
itself i think was writing into the game
and so i think it was a really nice
combination of pretty pretty bad offense
pretty good defense and that sort of the
equation of the words that Kevin I I
gotta tell you I was a little surprised
even when Penn State didn't blitz by
just how much pressure they got from
their defensive lineman I mean what can
be attributed that to just how much
success the d-line have against Iowa
well I mean like Mark said you know I
result fence is not the best and i think
you know i have talked to the defensive
linemen if Leah would have been making
practice they had you know how they
upped the tempo a little bit how they've
been started about the illinois game how
the temple just wasn't there at the
outset but they hadn't made that focal
point of practices people decided to
really bring temple up early on in this
game and they succeeded obviously
they're holding them to no points in the
first recorders Alberti i'm definitely
struggled throughout the game Corey you
surprised just how little effect our
young hat on the game um I mean not
really i mean i was struggling all
together i mean he really couldn't
before getting on his own so I mean this
is more than I was I was in retro I mean
there
there they were not very good I think if
anything the wind for Penn State at
least help Penn State fans know they're
not the worst offense in the big ten
right now that goes to Iowa men's day
may be close behind but right now Iowa
definitely worse in the Big Ten but
again that will do it for us here at the
Daily Collegian I'm Josh Moyer and these
are the football writers so thanks for
tuning in and hopefully we'll see you
next week